Fix RTI Connext insufficient memory issue on OSX (#419)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations.rst

   Error getting RMW implementation identifier / RMW implementation not installed (expected identifier of 'rmw_connext_cpp'), exiting with 1.

If this occurs, double check that your ROS 2 installation includes support for the RMW implementation that you have specified in the ``RMW_IMPLEMENTATION`` environment variable.

> RTI Connext on OSX: Failure due to Insufficient Shared Memory Kernel Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RTI Connext on OSX: Failure due to insufficient shared memory kernel settings
```

Sentence-case is standard for titles/headings across the docs

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you receive an error message similar to below when running RTI Connext on OSX:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

`code-block:: bash` sometimes highlights weird stuff because it's meant for scripts (I think). `console` is more neutral

   [D0062|ENABLE]DDS_DomainParticipantPresentation_reserve_participant_index_entryports:!enable reserve participant index
   [D0062|ENABLE]DDS_DomainParticipant_reserve_participant_index_entryports:Unusable shared memory transport. For a more in-   depth explanation of the possible problem and solution, please visit https://community.rti.com/kb/osx510.

This error is caused by an insufficient number or size of shared memory segments allowed by the operating system. As a result, the ``DomainParticipant`` is unable to allocate enough resources and calculate its participant index which causes the error.

You can increase the shared memory resources of your machine either temporarily or permanently.

To increase the settings temporarily, you can run the following commands as user root:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

   /usr/sbin/sysctl -w kern.sysv.shmmax=419430400
   /usr/sbin/sysctl -w kern.sysv.shmmin=1
   /usr/sbin/sysctl -w kern.sysv.shmmni=128
   /usr/sbin/sysctl -w kern.sysv.shmseg=1024
   /usr/sbin/sysctl -w kern.sysv.shmall=262144

To increase the settings permanently, you will need to edit or create the file ``/etc/sysctl.conf``. Creating or editing this file will require root permissions. Either add to your existing ``etc/sysctl.conf`` file or create ``/etc/sysctl.conf`` with the following lines:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

   kern.sysv.shmmax=419430400
   kern.sysv.shmmin=1
   kern.sysv.shmmni=128
   kern.sysv.shmseg=1024
   kern.sysv.shmall=262144

You will need to reboot the machine after modifying this file to have the changes take effect.

> This solution is edited from RTI Connext community forum. Go to https://community.rti.com/kb/osx510 to see the original post and more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution is edited from the RTI Connext community forum. 
See the `original post <https://community.rti.com/kb/osx510>`__ for more detailed explanation.
```
